Refactor of Curriculum and parameter sampling (#4160)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Migrating.md

# Migrating

## Migrating from Release 3 to latest

### Important changes
- The Parameter Randomization feature has been merged with the Curriculum feature. It is now possible to specify a sampler
in the lesson of a Curriculum. Curriculum has been refactored and is now specified at the level of the parameter, not the
behavior. More information
[here](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-ML-Agents.md).(#4160)

### Steps to Migrate
- The configuration format for curriculum and parameter randomization has changed. To upgrade your configuration files,

> an upgrade script has been provided. Run `python -m mlagents.trainers.upgrade_config -h` to see the script usage. Note that you will have had to upgrade to/install the current version of ML-Agents before running the script. For manual update :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an upgrade script has been provided. Run `python -m mlagents.trainers.upgrade_config -h` to see the script usage. Note that you will have had to upgrade to/install the current version of ML-Agents before running the script. To update manually:
```
